docs(solid/nestjs): Update notice about beta state (#11615)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/solid/features/index.mdx

<Note>

>   This SDK is **in an beta state**. It may still experience changes in behavior. Please reach out on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This SDK is currently in beta. Beta features are still in progress and may have bugs. Please reach out on
```
